Update guidance regarding optional vs. required field indicators (#3005)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/templates/forms.mdx

- Ask only for the required information. Keep the fields to a minimum to allow the user to finish their task as quickly as possible.
- List only the most common field requirements below the relevant field.

> - Use asterisks for required fields when the form has more than two required fields and/or has optional fields.

Reviewer: I feel like this should stay. For example, what if a for had 1 required field and 1 optional field -- wouldn't we want to mark the required field to differentiate it?

Author: I agree with this. I think we should keep this section. We could just remove, " and/or has optional fields."

Reviewer: I am saying we should not remove "and/or has optional fields" because of the example I listed in my comment.

**Format and fields**

> - Have more than two optional fields.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this guidance still apply? Aren't we trying to limit the amount of optional fields included in forms?

Author: I agree. While we don't have solid guidance of when "optional" should be used, so we're sticking to  asterisks being mandatory and the rest without asterisks being "optional".

Reviewer: Agree but that's not what this section is talking about. This section is saying "Don't have more than two optional fields." and has nothing to do with marking as required or optional. I feel like that guidance is valid to stay.

Reviewer 2: put back

Reviewer 3: > Agree but that's not what this section is talking about. This section is saying "Don't have more than two optional fields." and has nothing to do with marking as required or optional. I feel like that guidance is valid to stay.

Agreed. Might help to have a hint of why though.

For standard forms, use an asterisk(\*) to indicate required field/controls.

> **Please note that at this time we do not have use cases that would be required to be labeled as optional. If you feel you have a use case that would need to be labeled as optional, please contact us to discuss further.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please note that at this time we do not have use cases that require labeling a form field as optional. If you feel you have a use case that would need to be labeled as optional, please contact us to discuss further.**
```

For standard forms, use an asterisk(\*) to indicate required field/controls.

> **Please note that at this time we do not have use cases that would be required to be labeld as optional. If you feel you have a use case that would need to be labeled as optional, please contact us to discuss further.**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Please note that at this time we do not have use cases that would be required to be labeled as optional. If you feel you have a use case that would need to be labeled as optional, please contact us to discuss further.**
```
